# ME5406 Course Project for Part I
This is a repository which contains simple implementations for ME5406 Deep learning for robotics 

## Problem description
Consider a RL based robot is in a grid frozen lake environment, where the goal of the robot is to pick up the target while avoid falling into the ice holes


## RL algorithm
1. First visit monte carlo
2. SARSA
3. Q-learning

## Requirements
* numpy Version: 1.26.1
* matplotlib  Version: 3.8.2


## Usage
### Parameters
It should be noted that you need to go to Parameters.py to adjust the parameters yourself first to fit the situation.

### Main
This is the main file for both tasks.
Need to define the RL agent type ('mc'/'sarsa'/'ql'), the grid world size (4/10), the number of training epochs.

For example, if you want to train q-learning with 4x4 grid world with 10000 epochs, then you could use
```
python main.py --agent 'mc' 
```

### Comparison
Need to define the test type, which can be described as below
* Job 0: 4x4 frozen lake environment training, correctness test, and comparison test among algorithms
* Job 1, 10X10 frozen lake environment training, correctness test, and comparison test among algorithms
* Job 2, comparison test for different learning rate value settings(defaut for 4*4,can be changed)
* Job 3, comparison test for different gamma value settings(defaut for 4*4,can be changed)
* Job 4, comparison test for different epsilon value settings(defaut for 4*4,can be changed)

If you want to test with Job 0, you could use
```
python Comparison.py --job 0
```
### SARSA
It is a subroutine of the sarsa algorithm.

### Monte_carlo_control
It is a subroutine of the Firstvisit_Monte_carlo_control algorithm.

### Q_learning
It is a subroutine of the Q_learning algorithm.

### Parameters
It is a program that adjusts the environment and hyperparameters of various algorithms.

### Environment
It is a program that sets up the task simulation environment.

### Results folder
This folder contains all generated images in Main (4*4, 10*10) and Comparison.

### Q_table folder
This folder contains Q-tables generated by three algorithms.

### images folder
This folder contains images (.png) of the robot, hole, and flying disc used in the simulation.


